                        ARKSHIP NON-COMMERCIAL LICENSE
                                Version 1.0, 2024

Copyright (C) 2024 Arkship LLC. All rights reserved.
Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.

                            Preamble

  The Arkship Non-Commercial License (ANCL) is a free, non-commercial license for 
software and other kinds of works, specifically designed to ensure that the source code is 
available for private, non-commercial use while retaining the ability of the original 
authors to commercialize the product. This license is intended to guarantee your freedom 
to use and modify the software for non-commercial purposes while ensuring that the 
original authors retain the right to commercialize the software.

  When we speak of non-commercial use, we are referring to use that does not involve the 
sale, licensing, or other distribution of the software for profit. Our license is designed 
to make sure that you can use, share, and modify the software for private, non-commercial 
purposes.

  The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution, and modification follow.

                       TERMS AND CONDITIONS

  0. Definitions.

  "This License" refers to version 1.0 of the Arkship Non-Commercial License.

  "Copyright" also means copyright-like laws that apply to other kinds of works.
  
  The "Source Code" for a work means the preferred form of the work for making 
modifications to it.

  "The Software" or "Software" refers to any copyrightable work licensed under this 
License, including its Source Code. Each licensee is addressed as "you". "Licensees" and 
"recipients" may be individuals or organizations.

  To "modify" a work means to copy from or adapt all or part of the work in a fashion 
requiring copyright permission, other than the making of an exact copy. The resulting work 
is called a "modified version" of the earlier work or a work "based on" the earlier work.

  A "covered work" means either the unmodified Software or a work based on the Software.

  To "propagate" a work means to do anything with it that, without permission, would make 
you directly or secondarily liable for infringement under applicable copyright law, except 
executing it on a computer or modifying a private copy. Propagation includes copying, 
distribution (with or without modification), making available to the public, and in some 
countries other activities as well.

  To "convey" a work means any kind of propagation that enables other parties to make or 
receive copies. Mere interaction with a user through a computer network, with no transfer 
of a copy, is not conveying.

  "Non-commercial use" means use of the Software that is not intended to generate revenue 
or be used in a commercial enterprise. This includes but is not limited to using the 
Software for personal projects, educational purposes, or research, provided that these 
activities do not involve financial transactions, advertising, or any form of revenue 
generation.

  An interactive user interface displays "Appropriate Legal Notices" to the extent that it 
includes a convenient and prominently visible feature that (1) displays an appropriate 
copyright notice, and (2) tells the user that there is no warranty for the work (except to 
the extent that warranties are provided), that licensees may convey the work under this 
License, and how to view a copy of this License. If the interface presents a list of user 
commands or options, such as a menu, a prominent item in the list meets this criterion.

  1. Grant of License.

  You are granted a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to use the Software 
for private, non-commercial purposes only. This license does not grant you any rights to 
use the Software for commercial purposes. Any future versions of the Software released by 
Arkship LLC will also be subject to this License unless explicitly stated otherwise.

  2. Ownership and Copyright.

  The copyright and ownership of the Software remain with Arkship LLC. You may not claim 
ownership of the Software or any derivative works. You must retain all copyright notices 
in the original Software and any copies of the Software.

  3. Commercial Use.

  Commercial use of the Software, including but not limited to selling, licensing, or 
distributing for profit, is strictly prohibited without the express prior written 
permission of Arkship LLC. If you wish to use the Software for commercial purposes, you 
must contact Arkship LLC to negotiate a separate license. Any use of the Software that 
indirectly generates revenue, such as through advertisements or paid services, is 
considered commercial use and is prohibited without express prior written permission. The 
Software may not be used in research that is intended to develop commercial products or 
services.

  4. Modifications and Derivative Works.

  You may modify the Software for your own private, non-commercial use. You may not 
distribute, publish, or otherwise make available any modifications or derivative works 
based on the Software for commercial purposes without prior written consent from Arkship 
LLC. Any modifications or derivative works must also include this License and all original 
copyright notices. Modifications and derivative works must comply with the terms of any 
third-party licenses and must not circumvent the non-commercial restrictions of this 
License. Forks or rebranded versions of the Software must comply with the same 
non-commercial restrictions and retain the original attribution.

  5. Distribution.

  You may distribute the Software in its original form for private, non-commercial 
purposes, provided that you include this license and all copyright notices. You may not 
distribute the Software, modifications, or derivative works for commercial purposes 
without prior written consent from Arkship LLC. Any distribution must include a notice 
that the Software is licensed for non-commercial use only and must inform Arkship LLC of 
the distribution. You are required to report your use of the Software to Arkship LLC for 
monitoring purposes. Offering paid support or services related to the Software without 
prior written consent is prohibited.

  6. Restrictions.

  You may not sublicense, rent, lease, or lend the Software. You may not use the Software 
in any manner that could harm Arkship LLC or its reputation. You may not use the Software 
to support commercial activities, including but not limited to using the Software as part 
of a service offered for a fee. You may not integrate the Software into a larger system or 
product that is used for commercial purposes. Any attempt to circumvent the terms of this 
License by claiming use for "experimental" or "evaluation" purposes in a commercial 
context is strictly prohibited.

  7. Liability and Warranty.

  The Software is provided "as is," without warranty of any kind, express or implied, 
including but not limited to the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular 
purpose, and non-infringement. In no event shall Arkship LLC be liable for any claims, 
damages, or other liabilities arising from the use of the Software.

  8. Termination.

  This license is effective until terminated. Your rights under this license will 
terminate automatically without notice from Arkship LLC if you fail to comply with any 
terms of this license. Upon termination, you must cease all use and destroy all copies of 
the Software.

  9. Governing Law.

  This license shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State 
of North Carolina, USA, without regard to its conflict of law principles.

  10. Contact Information.

  For permissions beyond the scope of this license, please contact Arkship LLC at 
info@arkship.co.

Â© 2024 Arkship LLC. All rights reserved.